Fix type stripping error for gRPC client in E2E test (#312)
SE-UUlm/snowballr-frontend: wiki/Contributing.md

### End-to-End Tests

End-to-End (E2E) tests verify the full functionality of the application in a realistic browser environment.
In this project, we use [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) to implement and run E2E tests.
The tests are located in the [tests/e2e](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-frontend/blob/develop/tests/e2e) directory
and can be run with:

```bash
npm run test:e2e
```

To only execute the tests related to changes (compared to the `develop` branch), run:

```bash
npm run test:e2e:fast
```

As running the entire end-to-end test suite can take some time, this can be useful for testing new
end-to-end tests and getting feedback on them more quickly.

#### Requirements

> The E2E tests require a mock-backend to be running for each supported browser (Chromium, Firefox, and WebKit).
> These mock-backends simulate the backend responses.
> 
> To manually start all necessary mock-backends, you can use the provided script, which will start one instance per
> browser if you provide the three ports:

Reviewer: What was that again? "Keep it consistent"? :D
```suggestion
The E2E tests require a mock backend to be running for each supported browser (Chromium, Firefox, and WebKit).
These mock backends simulate the backend responses.

To manually start all necessary mock backends, you can use the provided script, which will start one instance per
browser if you provide the three ports:
```

Author: You are completely right, I fixed it.

```bash
bash ./scripts/start_mock_backend.sh -c 3001 3002 3003
```

Each browser uses a different port for its mock backend. You can override the default ports
using the following environment variables:

| Variable                                     | Default (if the variable is not set) | Description                                                                            |
| -------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `PUBLIC_MOCK_BACKEND_GRPC_WEB_PORT_CHROMIUM` | 3002                                 | The port that the mock backend will listen on for E2E testing of the chromium browser. |
| `PUBLIC_MOCK_BACKEND_GRPC_WEB_PORT_FIREFOX`  | 3003                                 | The port that the mock backend will listen on for E2E testing of the firefox browser.  |
| `PUBLIC_MOCK_BACKEND_GRPC_WEB_PORT_WEBKIT`   | 3004                                 | The port that the mock backend will listen on for E2E testing of the webkit browser.   |

#### Best Practices

> 1. **Use the test fixture**:
>    Instead of importing the `test` fixture directly from "@playwright/test" directly,
>    use the `test` variable exported from `fixtures/general-fixture.ts`.
>    This ensures that the API calls to the mock-backend are automatically redirected to the correct mock-backend
>    based on the browser the test is running in.
> 
>    In general, it makes sense to create an own fixture, if you want to use an object in multiple tests or
>    run a certain function before / after each test.
> 
> 2. **Use Page Object Models (POMs)**:
>    To make tests more maintainable and readable, use page object models (pom) to encapsulate UI logic.
>    For example, the `pom/create-project-dialog-model.ts` file wraps a page with custom selectors and
>    helper functions for the `CreateProjectDialog` component,
>    improving clarity and reusability across tests. In particular, these _pom_s can be wrapped in a fixture
>    so that they can be accessed directly in each test without having to create a separate \_pom_ in each test.

Reviewer: Let's link to the files so that they can be viewed in the browser.
```suggestion
1. **Use the test fixture**:
   Instead of importing the `test` fixture directly from `@playwright/test` directly,
   use the `test` variable exported from
   [`fixtures/general-fixture.ts`](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-frontend/blob/6ac47c3f0330d72d63fe977e476e51ba29937c7b/tests/e2e/fixtures/general-fixture.ts).
   This ensures that the API calls to the mock backend are automatically redirected to the correct mock backend
   based on the browser the test is running in.

   In general, it makes sense to create an own fixture, if you want to use an object in multiple tests or
   run a certain function before / after each test.

2. **Use Page Object Models (POMs)**:
   To make tests more maintainable and readable, use page object models (POMs) to encapsulate UI logic.
   For example, the [`pom/create-project-dialog-model.ts`](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-frontend/blob/6ac47c3f0330d72d63fe977e476e51ba29937c7b/tests/e2e/pom/create-project-dialog-model.ts)
   file wraps a page with custom selectors and helper functions for the `CreateProjectDialog` component,
   improving clarity and reusability across tests. In particular, these POMs can be wrapped in a fixture
   so that they can be accessed directly in each test without having to create a separate POM in each test.
```

Author: I agree but I wouldn't add this link with the sha, but the branch name develop as these links would work always after the merge, are you ok with that?
